README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/kktjs/kkt">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kktjs/kkt/d2bb00dc2d0bd9bb133f3a369d0ad2f5330ed4af/website/kkt.svg?sanitize=true">
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/kktjs/kkt/issues">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/kktjs/kkt.svg">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/kktjs/kkt/network">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/kktjs/kkt.svg">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/kktjs/kkt/stargazers">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/kktjs/kkt.svg">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/kktjs/kkt/releases">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/release/kktjs/kkt.svg">
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/kkt">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/kkt.svg">
  </a>
</p>


Create React apps with no build configuration, Cli tool for creating react apps. Another tool, [`kkt-ssr`](https://github.com/kktjs/kkt-ssr), Is a lightweight framework for static and server-rendered applications.

## Usage

You will need [`Node.js`](https://nodejs.org) installed on your system.

```bash
npm install kkt@next
```

## Example

Initialize the project from one of the examples:

```bash
$ npx kkt create my-app -e `<Example Name>`
```

- [**`default`**](example/basic) - The [react](https://github.com/facebook/react) base application.
- [**`bundle`**](example/bundle) - Package the UMD package for developing the React component library.
- [**`electron`**](example/electron) - Use an example of [`electronjs`](https://github.com/electron).
- [**`less`**](example/less) - Use an example of `less`.
- [**`markdown`**](example/markdown) - Use an example of `markdown`.
- [**`react-component`**](example/react-component) - Create a project for the react component library.
- [**`rematch`**](example/rematch) - Use [`Rematch`](https://github.com/rematch/rematch) for the project.
- [**`scss`**](example/scss) - Use an example of `scss`.
- [**`stylus`**](example/stylus) - Use an example of `Stylus`.
- [**`typescript`**](example/typescript) - Use an example of `typescript`.
- [**`uiw`**](example/uiw) - Use `uiw` for the project.

## License

[MIT © Kenny Wong](./LICENSE)

Commit message:

example: Add react-component-tsx example.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/kktjs/kkt">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kktjs/kkt/d2bb00dc2d0bd9bb133f3a369d0ad2f5330ed4af/website/kkt.svg?sanitize=true">
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/kktjs/kkt/issues">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/kktjs/kkt.svg">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/kktjs/kkt/network">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/kktjs/kkt.svg">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/kktjs/kkt/stargazers">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/kktjs/kkt.svg">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/kktjs/kkt/releases">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/release/kktjs/kkt.svg">
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/kkt">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/kkt.svg">
  </a>
</p>


Create React apps with no build configuration, Cli tool for creating react apps. Another tool, [`kkt-ssr`](https://github.com/kktjs/kkt-ssr), Is a lightweight framework for static and server-rendered applications.

## Usage

You will need [`Node.js`](https://nodejs.org) installed on your system.

```bash
npm install kkt@next
```

## Example

Initialize the project from one of the examples:

```bash
$ npx kkt create my-app -e `<Example Name>`
```

- [**`default`**](example/basic) - The [react](https://github.com/facebook/react) base application.
- [**`bundle`**](example/bundle) - Package the UMD package for developing the React component library.
- [**`electron`**](example/electron) - Use an example of [`electronjs`](https://github.com/electron).
- [**`less`**](example/less) - Use an example of `less`.
- [**`markdown`**](example/markdown) - Use an example of `markdown`.
- [**`react-component`**](example/react-component) - Create a project for the react component library.
- [**`react-component-tsx`**](example/react-component-tsx) - Create a project containing the website for the react component library.
- [**`rematch`**](example/rematch) - Use [`Rematch`](https://github.com/rematch/rematch) for the project.
- [**`scss`**](example/scss) - Use an example of `scss`.
- [**`stylus`**](example/stylus) - Use an example of `Stylus`.
- [**`typescript`**](example/typescript) - Use an example of `typescript`.
- [**`uiw`**](example/uiw) - Use `uiw` for the project.

## License

[MIT © Kenny Wong](./LICENSE)
